This project allows users to input how many of a certain food item they want from 0-10. The session starts on this page (restaurantDisplay.php). The user inputs how many food items they want and submits their order. If they submit with all 0 values, a message is generated telling the user they need at least 1 item to submit their order. Once the condition is met, they are able to submit their order. The next page (orderConfirm.php) is a confirmation page that tells the user what they ordered. It has a submit button for confirmation, and a Go Back button which allows the user to go back to the restaurantDisplay.php page. I stored the session variables in the appropriate spots in an array (customerOrderValues) in the restaurantDisplay.php page. The values fields in the form where the user inputs their food amounts are output from the values stored in the customerOrderValues array. When the user presses confirm, they are directed to a page which outputs some information
and redirects the user after 5 seconds back to the main order page. The session variables are cleared on this final page, and the session is destroyed (startOrder.php).


I would eventually like to eventually add more functionality. A database which contains food amounts that restock daily. An optional alert system (email. text would be easy but not sure about fees) for when the order is ready. Maybe some way for the computer to generate orders and some display page which shows these orders as they are created. 
